Conventional retail stores still play a prominent role in a world dominated by Ecommerce. Retail is the process of selling consumer goods or services to customers through multiple channels of distribution to earn a profit. From groceries to clothing to electronics, customers keep flooding the gates of retail stores to satisfy their needs. As time has passed, retailers have had to evolve in order to keep up with changes in demands and the ever-changing mindset of customers. One such retail industry juggernaut that has kept up with the demands of customers as well changed the face of the retail industry for the better is Walmart Inc. 

Walmart Inc is an American multinational retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores, and grocery stores, headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas. They have many stores across the globe and it is the largest retail company by revenue.

We have historical sales data for 45 Walmart stores located in different regions. Each store contains a number of departments. Apart from these, weekly data of Fuel price, Holiday, Temperature with some other features are also present in the data set.

In addition, Walmart runs several promotional markdown events throughout the year. These markdowns precede prominent holidays, the four largest of which are the Super Bowl, Labour Day, Thanksgiving, and Christmas. The weeks including these holidays are weighted five times higher in the evaluation than non-holiday weeks.

Data consists of 421570 records of weekly sales from stores spanning between ’05-Feb-2010’ to ’26-Oct-2012’. This comprises of 143 Weeks of sales data.

Total 16 numbers of attributes are provided in the Data set including Target variable. Attribute definition is:
Store: The store number
Size: Size of the Store
Dept: Department of the Store
Date: Specifying the Week (Friday of every Week)
Temperature: Average temperature in the region (in ℉)
FuelPrice: Cost of fuel in the region
MarkDown1-5: Anonymized data related to promotional markdowns that Walmart is running. Markdown data is only available after November 2011, and is not available for all stores all the time. Any missing value is marked with Null.
CPI: Consumer price index
Unemployment: Unemployment rate
IsHoliday: Whether the week is a special holiday week

Using the above given features, we have to predict the weekly sales of the store with given parameters.
